Add note about formatting-only PR (#635)
python/devguide: pullrequest.rst

your pull request. But if you have systematic deviations from the style guides
your pull request will be put on hold until you fix the formatting issues.

.. note::

>    Pull requests do only code formatting are usually rejected. On the other

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Pull requests with only code formatting changes are usually rejected. On the other
```

>    hand, fixing typos and grammer errors in documents and docstrings are very

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   hand, fixing typos and grammar errors in documents and docstrings are very
```
... or was this deliberate?

>    hand, fixing typos and grammar errors in documents and docstrings are very

Reviewer 3: Grammar error ;-).  'fixing' is singular, so 'fixing ... is very welcome' is the correct grammar.  But 'is' after 4 subordinate plurals is a bit awkward.  I suggest deleting 'very' because at least one coredev, Guido, opposes spelling fixes.  But the average opinion of coredevs who have opined seems to be at least 'welcome'.
```suggestion
   hand, fixes for typos and grammar errors in documents and docstrings are
```
